[birds chirping]
[quietly] Easy now.
All right, take your time.
[foliage rustling]
He's bloody huge.
Yet no match for a bullet.
Now, all it takes
is one clean shot to the heart
to fell even the greatest of beasts.
[steady exhale]
[gunshot]
[bellowing]
-It's impossible.
-[crows cawing]
Now, now. There'll be
plenty of other opportunities.
I've failed each and every time.
I can just hear what Benedict
will have to say about this.
-Colin too.
-All the more reason to keep trying.
They'll be insufferable.
Shh. Shh, shh.
-[gunshot]
-[groans]
Whoo! You have to show me how to do that!
Come along. [chuckles]
It's more about confidence
than anything else.
You decided that stag
was too large to shoot
before you even touched
the trigger, I'm afraid.
But you'll learn. You'll learn in time.
[Anthony] You make it sound so easy.
Nothing ever rattles you, does it?
Oh, I believe your mother would have
quite a few things to say about that.
You do know that
you cannot show someone your best
without allowing them to see your worst.
Speaking of which, she would adore those.
[grunts softly]
[grunts]
[buzzing]
[sniffs] Ah.
-They're quite lovely, are they not?
-[buzzing]
Daphne will be jealous
if we return with nothing for her.
Ugh, this bloody…
Ah.
Father?
The damn thing stung me.
-Whatever--
-[grunts]
-[gasping]
-[Anthony] Father?
What is it?
Father!
[grunting]
Wha-- What?
-I can't-- [gasps]
-Help us, someone!
[tense music playing]
Someone, please! Help!
-[gasping]
-Father!
Help!
What happened?
I don't know! I don't know! I don't know!
Was it a bee? A bee, I think.
-Edmund.
-[gasping]
-[Violet] Edmund, you must breathe.
-[gasps] I can't--
[Violet breathing heavily]
No, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Please don't. Do not leave me.
No, Ed-- Edmund!
[sobbing] Do not leave me!
[sobbing]
[inhales sharply, gasps]
Oh, God!
[Violet sniffles]
The other children. They cannot--
[sobbing] They cannot see him.
Anthony!
Go!
[continues sobbing]
[heartbeat thumping]
[Lady Whistledown]
We all know the great lengths
a young lady will go
in pursuit of a proposal.
And apparently,
she will travel great distances too.
Lord Anthony Bridgerton
appears to be inching ever so closer
to selecting his viscountess,
and to that end
has invited our diamond to join him
for an excursion
at his ancestral home, Aubrey Hall.
Perhaps I'll wear
the pink silks at dinner tonight.
Do you think Lord Bridgerton will like it?
Of course he will, Bon.
You need not worry
about the viscount's favor, Miss Edwina.
It is an exceedingly good sign
that he has invited us to spend a few days
with the family, before the rest
of the ton arrives for the real party.
[both chuckle softly]
Perhaps by then, you will have
an engagement to announce.
-[dog whimpers]
-He will be assessing me, I know.
Considering how
I might perform as viscountess.
[Kate] And he should not be the only one.
You too must consider if Lord Bridgerton
is everything you want in a match as well.
[Lady Danbury] Indeed.
We should all pass the week
with open minds.
I shall be the very picture of amiability.
Very well. Pink it is for dinner.
[Lady Whistledown] Country air indeed
clears the mind and invigorates the body.
Might this be the final gust
that pushes the viscount
over the precipice of a proposal?
Of course,
the luckless souls remaining in town
will have to find new diversions
in the absence
of their most precious of stones.
For goodness' sake, Penelope.
Stop your pacing
before you give me indigestion.
Apologies, Mama.
We have much to do before joining
the Bridgertons in a few days.
We will head to the modiste
after breakfast.
The modiste? Today?
Oh. Are you off to make calls
this morning, my lord?
Anyone in particular?
-I thought to pay a visit to White's.
-[Lady Featherington] Excellent idea.
I'm sure you'll find
the gentlemen there very good company.
Good day, ladies.
[sighs softly] I suppose I should be glad
that he's not already
out courting his future bride.
It's only a matter of time
before he brings home
some young beauty
to oust us out onto the streets.
Perhaps it will be Miss Uxbridge.
Now, there's a chickabiddy
if ever I saw one.
Varley. Not helping.
What we need to find is someone
malleable.
Someone stupid enough
not to know any better,
and certainly not to know how
to take on and manage a household.
That would be in our best interest.
The question is…
-where?
-Hmm.
[Prudence] I want to move
into Philippa's room.
Why she always got
the bigger one has never been fair.
What?
We were just saying what an eligible
match Lord Featherington would make.
-For whom?
-You.
But he's our cousin.
-Oh, Penelope.
-[Prudence] But he is our cousin.
And since when
has that ever created an issue?
It is not odd to marry one's cousin.
It is regal.
Just look at the royal family.
Besides,
he's your fourth cousin, nonetheless.
Do you not wish
to be lady of this household, Prudence?
Hosting dinners and balls,
the envy of all your friends?
-Would I have such authority?
-If that is what you wish.
You will charm him
with some assistance.
You will need a new dress or two,
to appear rather more tempting.
Tempting for what?
Never you mind.
[gasps] Off to the modiste, indeed!
[gasps] Sister!
Oh, I am so pleased you were able to come.
As if I would allow dear Augie
to miss out on watching his mother
win this little family tradition.
-Second year in a row, if I might add.
-Charming words from a duchess.
A duchess who is still a Bridgerton.
Oh, come and see the baby, Eloise.
-Why? Has he changed since I saw him last?
-[sighs]
He's grown at least an inch, haven't you?
-Who's that, then?
-[Violet chuckles]
Oh, my lovely.
-[gasps] Here we go.
-Yes.
There we are. [gasps]
There we go.
-[baby crying]
-[Violet exclaims]
Do not mind your Auntie Eloise.
She's too busy reading
to notice anything else, as usual.
[Eloise] Is it not nap time?
Perhaps Uncle Colin will lull you to sleep
with his many tales from his travels.
Yes. I seem to be missing the peace
and solitude of the Greek isles already.
[affectionate laughter]
[Daphne] Enjoying your brief respite
from the ferocious packs
of marriage-minded young ladies, Brother?
Quite the opposite, Sister.
I have invited one such young lady
and her family to join us today.
Anthony has invited
a young lady to Aubrey Hall?
Yes, and she is quite lovely.
My word!
Well, I cannot wait to meet
the woman who has captured your heart.
Tell me, what is she like?
Miss Edwina is the picture
of grace, beauty, and charm.
Hmm.
Unfortunately, she has a most
annoying sister who has styled herself
as something of a gatekeeper.
I'm afraid you must
all help me win over both sisters,
if I am to find my bride.
And now you appeal for help.
My, you must be smitten by this miss.
Or the sister is
a formidable obstacle, indeed.
[Daphne] Fear not, Anthony.
Seeing as though you were
such a help to me last season,
it would only be fair of me
to return the favor.
Is that a promise or a threat?
Hmm.
[horses snorting softly]
Now,
the only reason to endure such a journey
is to see my great-godson.
Hello.
Well, it is a joy
to see you as well, Lady Danbury.
Oh, Your Grace.
Lady Mary.
-So pleased to have you.
-Thank you for having us.
-This is my daughter Edwina, you remember.
-Lovely to see you. I do.
-And, of course, Kate, my eldest.
-[Violet chuckling]
Ah.
You're smiling.
[sighs]
I see my plan
to win you over is already working.
I was smiling at the view,
which you are now blocking.
[dog barks]
-Oh, you brought your dog.
-Yes.
Newton is an excellent judge of character.
-[barks]
-Oh.
-See.
-[exhales]
Mark my words, Miss Sharma.
By the end of your stay,
your opinion of me will be much improved.
As will his.
[growls softly]
I did not think you such an optimist.
Since your schemes
to manipulate me are now out in the open,
I suppose it would be
an improvement, indeed.
And you must be Miss Edwina.
[Anthony] No.
This is her sister.
Miss Kate Sharma.
Ah. Forgive me, Miss Sharma.
I'm entirely flattered, Your Grace.
Allow me to introduce
my sister, Miss Edwina.
-It is an honor, Your Grace.
-[chuckles softly]
Miss Edwina, I am pleased
to introduce you to Aubrey Hall.
[chuckles softly] It is a beautiful home.
Thank you so much for inviting us.
I very much look forward
to spending time with you and your family.
[Violet] Well, now, you must be weary
from your travels. Mrs. Wilson.
Please show our guests to their rooms
so they might get refreshed.
-And ready for battle.
-Mm, indeed.
-[chuckles]
-What can you mean?
[nervous chuckle] Do not mind Eloise.
She's always so spirited in the country.
Then we have that in common.
-Mother?
-[Violet] Mm?
I believe there is something
I shall be needing now.
[Violet] So you're quite set
on your decision, then, I take it?
[Anthony] I made my intentions clear.
[Violet] You must know there is no need
to hurry such a momentous occasion.
The Sharmas have barely
unpacked their things.
You should take the opportunity
to get to know one another.
Mm. Unnecessary.
Miss Edwina will make
the perfect viscountess, to be sure.
This house carries many memories,
good and bad.
I only hope you are acting
with a clear mind.
You have wanted me to marry for years.
And now you suggest I wait?
I did not say that.
I only want you to be certain.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[Nelson] My lord?
[Violet panting, sobbing]
My lord, might we begin
with the arrangements?
The minister will need to be called,
and the casket, of course.
One will need to be built.
Forgive me, my lord.
I have questions about the body.
Should I move it from his chambers?
[Nelson] Also the business of the letters.
-The letters?
-[Nelson] To give notice of the death.
Not just to the other family,
but to the village too.
We should send for the doctor.
She's still hysterical.
I also must ask, my lord.
Might you already have the keys to your
father's office? We've been searching.
[Mrs. Wilson]
With the baby, this cannot be good.
[Nelson] I'll have
your mother's things arranged,
but I'll need to know
which room you'd like her moved to.
Why would Mother be moved?
[Nelson] Because those rooms
belong to you, my lord.
You are the viscount now.
[Violet weeping]
[breathing shakily]
[Violet continues sobbing]
[Daphne] This will teach Colin.
Last time,
he put a wicket behind the goat barn.
[Kate] What exactly
are the rules of this game?
[Daphne] Pall-mall
is less about the rules,
more about the goal.
Which is, of course,
to hit your ball through each wicket.
The first player to send their ball
through the last wicket wins.
Simple enough.
Though, if you are feeling devilish,
you can use your turn
to knock an opponent's ball
as far away from their next wicket
as you would like.
Why waste a turn if the point is to get
one's own ball through the wicket?
To infuriate your opponent, I gather?
Precisely. It is a poor player
who plays the game,
and a wise one who plays their opponent.
I believe I shall rather enjoy this game.
[chuckling softly]
Right. Oh. Now, Benedict is a solid shot,
but he avoids conflict.
Colin is crafty.
He will strike when he thinks
you are least suspecting it,
so always be suspecting it.
Eloise concentrates entirely
on defeating her older brothers.
The hope is that she gets so absorbed
by them that she forgets about you.
I, of course, am a complete enigma
who will divulge none of my secrets.
And, well, then there is Anthony.
Let me guess.
A most ruthless, cutthroat player.
[chuckles] Why, you have
made his acquaintance.
[chuckles]
That is not to say he has no honor.
He's usually the most genteel sportsman.
Except as far as this field is concerned.
I'm sure the viscount
is an excellent player.
We will all pass
a very pleasant afternoon.
[bell tolling]
No, it should be lower in the bust.
We must make the most
of the young lady's figure.
Lower.
Madame, I must protest.
-I don't pay you to protest.
-The line of--
I pay you to fashion
the dresses as I see fit.
On second thought,
perhaps it is this fabric.
I hear there's
a new modiste across the street,
just arrived from Vienna.
Perhaps she'll have something
that will display your assets
to their better advantage, Prudence.
Let's get you dressed. [clears throat]
[sighs]
I quite liked your design.
Merci beaucoup, Miss Penelope.
I am always so clumsy
with my dresses, it seems.
Well, just the other day,
I ripped my bodice,
and I had to borrow a dress
from my maid to return home.
-I believe you might have seen me.
-I do not recall.
Are you often in that part of town?
Seems it is rather far
from the fashionable side, is it not?
Perhaps I might ask you the same thing.
But I will not
because I happen to believe
a lady's business is her own.
-Would you not agree?
-I--
Yes. I most certainly would.
-[door opens]
-[man] The silks you ordered, ma'am.
Oh. You may leave them at the back.
I only hope I may have use for them.
[Colin] Let's toss a coin.
Last year, we promised
to let the youngest pick first.
We pick based on alphabetical order.
-That's the precedent.
-It's meant to be a game, is it not?
[Daphne] Everyone, please, now.
The only fair thing to do
is to let our invited guests
choose their mallets and strike first.
Please, take your pick, Miss Edwina.
Hmm.
An excellent choice.
-The mallet of death.
-Would you look at that, Brother?
Is this yours?
Not at all. You're welcome to it.
You threatened to beat me
last time I touched--
-You exaggerate.
-[Kate] Are you the superstitious sort?
I know some men cannot perform
without their familiar tools.
Like a child with a blanket.
[scoffing and chuckling]
[Eloise clears throat]
[Anthony] I can play
perfectly well with any mallet.
I wish you the best of luck.
Are we to stand around
deliberating all day, or shall we play?
No! [groans]
-[chuckling]
-[Anthony sighs]
-[Daphne] To the field of combat!
-[Eloise] Mm-hmm.
[jaunty classical music plays]
[Colin] Come on.
-[Benedict] Ooh.
-[chuckling lightly]
[Eloise gasps]
[players whoop, exclaim]
[laughing]
-[grunts]
-[Benedict] Out of practice much, Brother?
Here, allow me.
[exhales heavily]
-Yes! [laughing]
-[players exclaiming]
[Daphne] What a shot! Good start.
-[Benedict] Eloise, stop cheating.
-No.
[chuckling]
[indistinct chatter]
[Eloise] Would you take your shot?
[Anthony groans]
[Eloise] Ha! Rather unfortunate.
-[all exclaiming]
-[applause]
Are the demands of the day
affecting your game, Brother?
Not a chance.
Miss Edwina, I believe you are next.
I did not wish
to leave my ball in your path,
so I've left an open space
so you can send yours.
How very kind of you, my lord.
-[players groan]
-[Lady Danbury] Just wide.
-[Mary] Very good, Edwina.
-[Anthony] Very good.
Come on, Benedict. [sighs deeply]
It was good.
You'll find it gets easier.
[women chuckling]
Huh.
Your head is clearly elsewhere, Brother.
Otherwise, you never
would have given me such an easy shot.
[Lady Danbury] Yes!
[Colin chuckles]
I will admit,
my thoughts are far from the field.
[indistinct chatter]
[chuckles] I have applied
to become a student of art
at the Royal Academy Schools.
-Have you? Congratulations.
-Well, do not celebrate yet.
I await word of my acceptance.
They only invite
a select few to study there, it seems.
But still, it is an exciting prospect.
Well, it's hardly a grand tour,
as you had with your travels.
But, yes,
I do hope to distinguish myself too.
Watch it, now, Eloise. Yes, then.
Send it.
Send it!
Brava!
[laughing]
[both sigh]
Oh, I must compliment you
on your daughters, Lady Mary.
They are a credit to you.
They are my greatest blessing indeed.
And perhaps our greatest challenge too.
[laughs]
During the marriage mart, at least.
[both laughing]
Yes, the season can be quite cutthroat.
It has been some time
since you have been
on English soil, has it not?
Not since I left with my late husband.
A lifetime ago, it seems.
I quite understand.
Aubrey Hall holds
many such memories for me as well.
Well, they are off to a slow start,
but I have hopes of bloodshed yet.
[chuckles]
Lady Danbury jests.
My children may be rivalrous,
but we have yet to lose any limbs.
Motherhood seems
to suit the duchess very well.
Yes, it does.
Our matchmaking efforts last season
were quite wise indeed, Lady Bridgerton.
Yes. Perhaps we will have
such success again, Lady Danbury.
Your follow-through
seems widely off-course.
If they can somehow stay the course.
[rousing classical music plays]
-Yes!
-[cheering]
Mark me, Brother!
[all exclaiming]
[Benedict] Cracking shot!
-Yes!
-[Colin laughs]
-[players] Oh!
-[Daphne] Oh, what luck!
You have the chance to best him.
That would not be
very sportsmanlike, would it?
I was told unsportsmanlike conduct
was a requirement for this game.
[chuckles] A fast learner
you are indeed, Miss Sharma.
[Benedict chuckles]
What do you say, my lord?
Are you in a losing mood?
My mood shall remain unchanged,
regardless of your choice.
Ah, is that so? You would bravely bear
the crushing shame of defeat?
-Play pleasant, Didi.
-Not to worry, Miss Edwina.
In light of my brothers'
and sisters' tactics,
Miss Sharma conducts herself
with much grace indeed.
Huh. [clicks tongue]
Then you shall not mind this.
-[chuckles]
-Well done!
[applause]
-I knew I liked her.
-Miss Edwina.
It's your turn.
Oh.
[Benedict groans]
I am bested, I see.
You could still retrieve your ball
if you wish to stay in the game.
[chuckles softly]
I think I shall cut out.
I sh…
I shall, uh… join you if you like?
There is no need
to spoil your fun on my account.
I shall enjoy
some refreshments with our mamas.
-[Daphne] Oh!
-[mallet cracks]
[Benedict] Ugh. I missed it.
[Eloise] Colin, it's your turn.
[sighs]
[Anthony] Oh, what a shot, Brother!
[chuckling]
Yes! What a shame.
You two better go fetch them.
Unless you would like
to quit, here and now?
[jaunty classical music plays]
Absolutely not.
After you.
[Anthony groans]
[Anthony grunts]
You best hope your play
does not hand victory to my brothers,
or we shall never hear the end of it.
While you would be
magnanimous in victory, I am sure.
[panting]
Oh.
Dash it!
-[insects buzzing]
-[birds chirping]
We could pluck them out.
No one would be any the wiser.
But I would know.
[sighs]
So, you do have honor, then.
At least as far as sport is concerned.
That, and the fact I suspect
you'd loudly advertise my cheating
the moment I stepped out of line.
And vice versa.
[mud squelches]
There's nothing for it, then.
[sighs]
Your play, my lord.
Unless you do not wish
to dirty those fine boots of yours?
Do not worry about my boots.
[whimsical music plays]
[boots sloshing]
Help.
Just pull.
I am trying. It is stuck.
[sighs]
-Ow!
-Do you want my help or not?
[chuckles]
-[grunts]
-[shrieks]
[Anthony groans]
It is not amusing.
I did not say it was.
[breathing heavily]
[both chuckling]
[both laughing]
I can't-- [clears throat]
[Kate sighs]
-[Anthony groans]
-[both chuckle]
I believe I…
underestimated you, Miss Sharma.
That seems to be the theme
of our acquaintance, does it not?
[Anthony grunts]
Well, since we are long past formalities…
tell me frankly. [grunts]
What must I do to win your approval?
I do not withhold it
out of spite, my lord.
I simply wish to steer my sister
to the greatest possible happiness.
I'd have thought
you could understand my position,
seeing as you too have sisters to protect.
It's different. It's my duty as their--
I am the same for Edwina,
in every way that matters.
Then let us put
our past acrimony behind us,
and allow me to prove
I can offer your sister
all the happiness and security you seek.
Could you…
Could you do me that favor?
Truce or not,
I shall never surrender to you
on the sporting field.
Ha!
Your turn, my lord.
Is something the matter?
-[Colin exclaims]
-[Daphne] I have won!
[laughter and applause]
[chuckles]
She will be amusing company at dinner.
Lord Bridgerton,
do you not wish to retrieve--
The game is over.
[somber classical music plays]
-[thunder crashing]
-[Violet shrieking]
[Violet sobbing]
[moaning in pain]
[young Daphne singing indistinctly]
[Violet] You cannot do this.
You get him back in here now!
My lord. You must come in.
Me?
It is imperative.
-Ah.
-[Violet moaning]
[Violet screaming]
[Doctor Lewis] All is well. Please.
You must not be standing.
All is not well.
I have done this seven times.
I know what well is,
and this is not well. He cannot do this.
[panting]
I will not allow it. You stop him.
The baby is not in position.
-What does that mean?
-It's turned the wrong way.
I need to know what you'd like us to do.
-I don't know what you--
-I'll do my best.
But there may need to be a choice made.
Who would your lordship prefer?
-What?
-[Violet] What are you saying to him?
I told you, you may not speak to him.
Speak to me!
[shouts]
It is a conversation for his lordship.
[Violet] His lordship is a child!
He's my child. He was born
in this very room, from this very body.
It is no matter to him.
Let us speak in the hall.
[Violet] No, Anthony.
Do not leave this room.
Mother, please. Lie down, still your mind.
I will find out what he is asking of me
and return immediately.
He is asking of you to decide
which one of us should live.
Me or the baby.
You kill the baby. You save the mother.
You cut the mother. You save the child.
It is not your choice to make.
-It is mine.
-It is his lordship's choice.
Edmund is his lordship!
[sobbing]
The choice is Edmund's.
It could only be Edmund's
because he loved me.
He loved me so much.
This wouldn't even be a conversation.
Because that kind of love,
the answer, this choice,
is obvious.
[groans, sniffles]
I should not have
to explain this to anyone!
[sobbing] Edmund should be here!
[wails]
Do what she wants.
-Your lordship--
-Whatever she chooses.
I will do my best to save them both.
[Violet wails loudly]
[Violet crying faintly] Do not leave me!
Flutter it so,
to draw his eyes to your bosom.
There.
And remember to laugh at his jokes.
Every man wishes
to be thought a sharp wit.
[door opens]
Good afternoon.
It is a good day, indeed.
It's hot, though.
Is it not, Prudence?
Yes, it's very hot.
Unseasonably so.
[clears throat]
Mama, might I return to the modiste?
-I need new ribbons.
-Not now, Penelope.
Uh… [clears throat]
Prudence was just asking
about the Americas.
-Were you not, Prudence?
-I--
Yes.
You have an interest in travel?
Adore it.
[hesitates] I mean to say,
I would adore it.
I-- I have not been further than Sussex.
Mama says everywhere beyond Hampshire
is positively uncivilized.
[Lady Featherington chuckles softly]
How she jests.
Dear Pru is… such a wit. [chuckles]
Well, the Americas
are certainly further than Hampshire.
[cackles loudly]
Oh, I have invited
the Cowpers to dinner this evening.
The Cowpers?
Uh, could this have anything to do
with the necklace
you gifted Miss Cowper, I believe it was?
[Jack] Do I need a reason
to enjoy their company?
You'll make the arrangements?
Venison, perhaps?
[sighs] It did not work.
Cousin Jack did not glance
once at my bosom.
Stop calling him that.
And stop that too.
I do hope the afternoon
was not too taxing for you.
Not at all, my lord.
My brothers and sisters,
they can be wearying.
Oh. I find it is impossible for me
to grow weary in the fresh country air.
That is a happy outlook.
You shall need it if you are to spend
much more time with the Bridgertons.
[exhales]
Do you imagine you should like
to raise your family out here
in the country, my lord?
It is likely my responsibilities
will keep me moving around quite often.
It is entirely possible
that there will be stretches of time
where I'll be apart
from my children. My wife too.
[chuckles softly]
I do look forward to supporting my husband
in whatever his endeavors may be.
[Anthony] You do express yourself
so agreeably, Miss Edwina.
It is refreshing and rare indeed.
Though, to be clear, my lord,
that is not to say
I do not have a mind of my own.
I have found that
one may easily remain agreeable
when one also has inner resources.
I myself am fortunate
to have found a love of literature,
but also of learning as well.
It is why I am
quite content in different circumstances.
Fulfilled even,
in all my varied interests
and employments, you see.
I must admit to you.
The only books I have read this year
are ledgers of the estate's accounts.
[quietly] And, um,
they're all dreadfully boring.
[chuckles lightly]
[all chuckling softly]
It is perfect, then.
You are much too busy to read,
and I am very much in need
of someone to tell about my stories.
[Anthony chuckles lightly]
[Edwina] I so enjoy talking of books.
Go on, then.
Have you read Ghalib?
-Never.
-[chuckles]
Good.
[both chuckle]
-[chuckling]
-[indistinct chatter]
He is quite funny.
[Kate] Hmm.
-A good thing, I suppose.
-Intelligent too.
I would have not expected otherwise.
And the conversation,
there were no awkward pauses.
Really. No truly disastrous lulls.
What…
What did you talk about?
[Edwina] His family, to begin with.
[Kate] So it was all about him, then?
Bon, if the conversation felt one-sided--
Only it did not.
[sighs] I was convinced
my poor showing on the pall-mall field
left the viscount feeling… indifferent.
But he asked me questions
about myself, about our family.
He was interested
in everything I had to say, Didi.
In the books I have read,
even in the books I have not.
Well, uh,
I-- I only hope his intentions
were genuine and nothing less.
I truly believe
something will come of this.
[chuckles]
A proposal, Didi.
I can feel it.
So, it is all going well, then?
Extremely.
And did Miss Edwina mention pall-mall?
She did not appear to be having much fun.
Well, how could she have done,
when the lot of you
were downright gladiatorial out there?
[Daphne] As if the game
can be played any other way.
I was surprised she played
for as long as she did.
It is no matter.
Miss Edwina did not need to win
a silly game in order to win my heart.
Who are you,
and what have you done with my brother?
-Daph.
-Has this young lady truly won your heart?
[Anthony] You met her.
You met her family. She is delightful,
and pleasant,
and interesting.
Even wise.
What exactly are your objections?
Well, I s-- I suppose I do not have any.
If you say Miss Edwina is the one for you.
If you say she is the one
in whose presence
you cannot properly think,
or even… or even breathe.
If you say you feel that feeling.
Feeling?
What--
Uh…
The one that makes it impossible
for you to look away from them
at any given moment.
When your
body and soul
feel as if they could burst into flames
whenever the two of you are near.
When all you are able to do
in their presence
is to fight the urge to lean forward
and… and touch their lips with yours.
If that is the feeling you have
when you are with Miss Edwina,
I am quite happy for you indeed.
I could not have
described it better myself.
Huh.
[whimsical music plays]
Do I really wish to know?
Do not answer that.
How agreeable that you could all join us
this evening, and on such little notice.
Of course, Lady Featherington.
How dare we decline an invitation
from the man of the hour?
Apparently. [chuckles]
Yes, the new Lord Featherington
has certainly made a splash in town.
Has he not, Prudence?
[Prudence clears throat]
Lord Featherington,
I'm quite interested to hear more
about your gemstone mines
back in the Americas.
They certainly do make for the most
exquisite of necklaces, my lord.
Why talk of rubies across the ocean
when there is so much
to discover just here?
Tell me, Miss Cowper,
do you have brothers, perchance?
Alas, I am an only child.
But I consider myself
particularly maternal.
[Lady Featherington coughs]
[chuckling] Pardon me.
You were saying, dearest?
Well, I would never dream of bragging…
[chuckles] …but I have always been told
I have a warm, affectionate disposition.
You are a credit to your sex, indeed.
[Lord Cowper] I say, Featherington,
I bet you could never find
a venison like this in the Americas.
[chuckles] There is certainly nothing
like English cooking.
Then you must be our guest.
My cook is renowned for her trifle.
Is that the cook you stole
from the Evans household?
[clears throat]
[Lady Cowper] I am curious, my lord.
All those years traveling,
you have not been tempted to marry?
I wished to establish myself
in the world first.
Uh, but now, as Lord Featherington,
there comes a time in everyone's life
when one needs a partner.
Someone who sees you as you truly are
to help ease the burdens
of the day. [chuckles]
[Lady Featherington] Hmm.
Is that a new dress, Cressida?
[Lady Cowper] Is it not lovely?
That new modiste is most accomplished.
Madame Delacroix's designs seem
rather tired by comparison. [chuckles]
Could you stop your interruptions?
-I was merely asking.
-Prudence, did you say something?
[coughs]
I did, in fact.
I was wondering if, perhaps after dinner,
I might display
my singing voice for everyone?
Oh, dear Lord.
Have I mentioned my Cressida
is accomplished
in both song and the pianoforte?
[chuckles]
Oh my. I could never do that. Philippa--
Miss Cowper, are you occupied on Thursday?
Might I ask you for the honor
of your company for a promenade?
-Rotten Row, perhaps?
-[chuckles]
I would be simply delighted, my lord.
I really would be happy to sing--
-Enough, Prudence.
-[utensils clatter]
[Colin] If it is a clear mind you seek,
Brother, I may know how to help.
Worldly travelers use it
as a way to open their minds
and transcend ordinary anxieties.
[sniffs, swallows]
Smells rather foul, does it not?
It only takes the smallest
of doses to feel the effects.
Whatever is the point?
I hardly think a tea will distract me
from the momentous decision
the proctors at the Royal Schools
are making at this very moment.
[Colin] Or perhaps it will allow you
to escape the thoughts
that've been plaguing your mind.
The doubts,
the questions that seem to linger,
no matter how far you go to escape them.
-Are you quite well, Brother?
-You will see.
This tea is quite the elixir.
On one occasion, in Paxos,
I found myself meditating for hours
upon a single blade of grass. [chuckles]
[Colin] Uh…
[chuckles] Hell and the devil.
[groans] That's bad.
[Colin chuckles]
Oh.
[chuckles softly]
Hi.
You must not let
the game of pall-mall dismay you.
Antagonism is, I'm afraid,
what you must expect.
[chuckles softly]
Can I ask you something, Miss Eloise?
Did I purposely make the third wicket
two inches narrower than last year? Yes.
[chuckles softly]
Anything.
I fear I may have upset
the viscount during our game.
Ah.
You were near our father's grave?
Well, then his mood
was not on your account.
He rarely goes near if he can help it.
Can I ask you something?
Was it your choice you never married?
My brothers tell me
I have a habit of being rather direct.
But everyone tells me it is fate
worse than death to end up a spinster.
But you seem
perfectly content with your situation.
[chuckles]
You must know, it is hardly ideal.
The world is not exactly welcoming
to an unmarried woman.
There seems to be
no place in society for us,
except at the edge of things.
That rather seems
to be society's flaw, not a woman's.
[chuckles]
Indeed, it does.
Mother.
There you are.
Here I am.
You look well.
I slept.
I bathed.
I went for a walk outdoors.
I saw the children.
I went to chapel. Now I'm making myself
useful with embroidery.
Perhaps join us for family dinner?
I know this is hard.
I know you miss him.
-[Violet] Please…
-But we all miss him.
-And I think--
-Anthony, this is it.
This is my best. I am doing my best.
[crying] Every day, I get up,
I get dressed, I feed myself,
I try to breathe in and out.
I force myself to stop by the nursery.
And I think about how
sorry I feel for little baby Hyacinth
because she will
never know Edmund's laugh.
Or the way he smelled,
or what it is to be hugged in his arms.
I feel even sorrier for myself
because, most of the time,
all I am thinking is that this little baby
did not do me the kindness of killing me
so that I could be with my husband.
Edmund was the air that I breathed.
And now there is no air.
So,
do not ask me about family dinner.
I am doing my best.
[Violet, distant] Anthony?
Anthony.
-I can take my leave.
-No. Stay.
Please.
Lilacs were his favorite.
Dearest.
I hate to see you like this.
So weighed down.
Courtship,
the consideration of a proposal,
choosing the person you wish
to spend the rest of your life with.
My darling boy,
it should be a time full of joy.
-I am content.
-Mm.
I'm fulfilling my duty
to this family, Mother.
That is what
takes precedence above all else.
Just because
you are dedicated to this family
does not mean that there should be
no room left for love, Anthony.
Your father took his role
as viscount seriously,
but he also loved deeply.
I know that is what you want too.
I know that, deep down,
it is what you have always wanted.
You're quite certain how well you know me.
I know how sweet
and earnest you were as a boy.
Always with a kind word and a joke.
But then, after your father died,
a wall went up inside you,
as if love had become some…
some weakness
instead of your greatest strength.
And that is not you.
You deserve the feeling that I had
the moment your father
placed that ring on my finger.
It was a promise,
not just of the sacred commitment
that we were making
to one another, but a sacred love.
-Love shall have no place in my marriage.
-You cannot mean that.
I seek an amiable partner
with whom I may share a pleasant life,
untouched by heartbreak
and the ravages of grief.
You were barely even there…
after he died.
And yet, I, myself,
am cursed to remember every waking moment.
I could never…
I could never be the cause of such pain,
no matter how cruel and hard-hearted
everyone else may find me to be.
[indistinct chatter, laughter]
[Benedict] This room
is exceptionally well-lit.
Have you noticed, Col?
The twinkle of the candles, it is as--
-It's as if… we sit among the stars.
-What is wrong with you?
I was just telling Benedict
how brilliant the stars were in Greece.
[Daphne] Are you enjoying
your time here, Miss Edwina?
I am, very much.
The buzz of the city is thrilling indeed,
but I quite enjoy
the peace of the country.
As do I. Though I dare say.
It is not quite so peaceful
with my entire family in residence.
[Edwina chuckling]
I understand, my lord.
Certainly, I cannot compare my family
with your seven brothers and sisters,
but,
my sister and I were known
to be a handful growing up too.
Mm. I can imagine.
[Edwina] But Kate always
has had my best interests at heart.
She bears
a heavy responsibility for our family.
That sounds remarkably
similar to you, Anthony.
Much familial
responsibility to bear, indeed.
-[Benedict sighs]
-[Colin] It was a revelation.
Made all the better by the knowledge
that I may have been the only Briton
to see it in decades.
[Benedict moans] Mmm. Mmm!
[Kate gasps]
Benedict, dear, you alarm our guests.
-It's all right, Lady Bridgerton.
-[Lady Danbury] Perhaps…
[Benedict chuckling]
…it is time for a toast.
A good idea. To cheer our guests.
-[sighs]
-Or to tend to other pressing matters.
My-- I believe my sister
and I have grown rather weary.
A toast. Yes.
[clears throat]
My sincere gratitude
to the Sharmas for joining us.
It has been splendid having you here
to witness what is now
my second annual loss at pall-mall.
-[light laughter]
-Not to be repeated, I assure you.
And my special gratitude to Miss Edwina.
It has certainly been a privilege
to truly make your acquaintance
these past days.
In fact,
I believe there is a question
I would like to ask you.
I should like to, uh…
I should like to ask you to please
refrain from telling anyone
back in London about yesterday's loss.
I fear the harm to my reputation
would simply be too great.
-[awkward chuckling]
-Um…
To the pleasant days ahead.
-Uh, pleasant days.
-Hear! Hear!
-[Colin] Days ahead.
-[Benedict] Hear! Hear!
Yes.
[Colin] Mm.
[exhales deeply]
-You must know you did nothing wrong.
-I must have done something.
The rest of the ton
are now set to join us in the country.
Surely, if the viscount were to propose,
he'd have done it by now. Yes?
-What if I have missed my chance?
-Edwina.
Perhaps I should've found out
more about the Bridgertons.
I should've known more
about their interests.
[loudly] I should've been better.
[breathing shakily]
[crying softly]
I have bungled this entire affair.
[inhales shakily]
And now I feel like a fool.
[sighs]
Never say such a thing, Bon.
I knew he would only end up
hurting you. Come here.
[breathes shakily, sniffles]
I hate seeing you like this.
[sobs softly]
I thought he liked me.
[Kate sighs]
You are the diamond of the season.
There is nary a gentleman back in London
who does not wish for your hand.
[chuckles, sniffles]
You have choices, Bon.
All will be well,
despite this disappointment
with the viscount, I assure you.
[knocking at door]
Are you still up?
Ugh. You may wish to bathe
before you see Mother in the morning.
It's magical, Brother.
You were right.
I've allowed my doubts
to plague me for too long.
The Royal Academy Schools are not
the arbiters of taste. The world is!
[scoffs] You are a fatwit.
Benedict, something
has apparently arrived for you.
A letter from London.
[muttering]
I have a place.
[chuckles] The Royal Schools
have accepted me as a student.
[sobs, shouts] I got in!
I thought they were not
the arbiters of taste?
They must see great promise
in my work. Oh my!
You shall all bear witness
to my talents!
Shh! It's the middle of the night!
-[laughing]
-[dog barking]
He will be as insufferable now as you.
Me?
If I must hear one more tale of your
extraordinary adventures from Greece…
Tell me, Brother, if you loved it there
so much, why did you ever return home?
Well…
Do you ever hear from her?
Miss Thompson?
Are you ladies not always writing letters?
[scoffs] I'd have thought
your travels banished Miss Thompson--
Lady Crane, rather,
from your mind completely.
Funny how distance
is no match for memory, is it not?
She lives not far from here, you know.
[Benedict] "I am honored to accept
your acceptance."
You think it will last much longer?
Well, devil if I know.
[Lady Whistledown] An artist
must be free to follow their muse.
But it appears the ton has fallen prey
to the fickleness of fashion.
For how else might one explain the tawdry,
dare I say vulgar, gown sported
lately by Miss Cressida Cowper?
Mayfair's newest modiste
has one thing,
and one thing only, going for her.
She is new.
Whereas Madame Delacroix might be old,
but at least she is capable.
[door opens]
You may leave the silks there.
Miss Penelope.
[Penelope] It is your job
to be observant, is it not?
To hide your clients' secrets
with a well-draped piece of fabric
or a cleverly embellished rosette,
just as I too hide.
Behind my pen.
I have no interest
in revealing your identity.
That is not why I'm here.
I believe I can trust you,
Madame Delacroix.
In a world of men,
you have built a thriving business,
much like myself.
I think we can be of use to one another.
My enterprise grows more difficult
for me to maintain on my own.
If I was spotted by you so easily,
it is only so long before I get recognized
by someone… less discreet.
[sighs]
I have proved to you
how I can help you in your business.
Now I'd like you to help me with mine.
Did you have to call me old?
I could not be
so obvious with my flattery.
But is it not working?
Madame Delacroix?
I require your expert knowledge.
I believe I was first.
[Lady Whistledown] Of course, not everyone
can always get things so right.
[growls]
[Lady Whistledown]
Though I suppose, for some,
it may be simply too late to change course
and undo any damage.
[exhales deeply]
Whoa.
[horse snorts]
My lord.
Miss Sharma.
Is your sister…
She is in her room.
Not feeling her best
this morning, it seems.
I did not mean
to disappoint her last night
when I did not declare myself.
And I'd like to thank you for not--
She shall not be disappointed for long.
Assure her, I still intend to propose.
Last night was a lark, at best.
My brothers were up to no good, and
with everyone sitting there,
staring back at me, well…
my feelings would not allow me to speak.
So your feelings
are too strong for you now?
-Miss Sharma--
-No. No.
All you are doing, my lord,
is toying with the emotions
of an impressionable young lady.
Miss Edwina seems perfectly capable
of forming her own impressions.
If you took notice--
So now you claim
to know my sister better than me?
I know she wishes to be happy.
This is precisely what I wish for her.
I can assure you,
happiness is not your strength.
Exasperation, perhaps.
Fixation, most definitely.
The only feeling you are, in fact,
capable of engendering,
my lord, is that of discontent.
-Do not move. Stand still, damn it!
-Do not tell me what to do!
[Anthony panting]
[buzzing]
-No! Do not! Leave it!
-It is only a bee. Ow!
[sighs]
-Are you hurt?
-What?
Can you breathe?
It is only a sting. Of course.
Are you certain?
-My lord?
-No, no. Do not--
[panting]
-My lord?
-Do not--
[panting]
I am unharmed.
[breathing calms]
[whispering] It was just a bee.
[whispers] It was a bee.
[hearts beating steadily]
[horse neighs]
[indistinct chatter in distance]
[horse neighing]
[tense music plays]
[panting]
[sighs]